                                   FULL STACK ASSIGNMENT
           
                                       MODULE:1 (SDLC)

(Q.1)What is software?What is software engineering?
 ans.Software:softwre is a set of instruction,data or programs used to operate computer and execute specific tasks.
    It is the opposite of hardware,which describes the physical aspects of a computer.software is a generic term 
    used to refer ti application,scripts and programs that run on a device.It can be thought of as the variable part
    of a computer,while hardware is the invariable part.
 ans.Software Engineering;software engineering is the process of developing,testing and deploying computre application 
    to solve real world problems by adhering to a set of engineering principles and best practices.The fieldnof software
    engineering applies a disciplined and organized approach to software development with the stated goal of improving 
    quality,time and budget efficiency along with the assurance of structured testing and engineer cetification.

(Q.2)Explain types of software.
 ans.There is mainly five types of application software.
    1.Application software.
    2.System software.
    3.Drive  software.
    4.Middelware.
    5.Programming software.
   
 1.Application software:Application software is a kind of software that performs specific functions for the end user
   by interacting directly with it.The sole purpose of application software is to aid the user in doing specified tasks.
   web browsers like firefox.and google chrome,as well as microsoft and excel,are examples of application software that is
   used on a personal computer or a laptop.
 2.system software:is a types of computer program that is desingned to run a computer's hardware and application programs.
   if we think of the computer system as a layered model,the system software is the interface between the hardware and user
   applications.The operating system is the best knows example of system software.
 3.Drive software:a driver is a software component that lets the oprating system and a device communicate with each other.
   for example, suppose an application needs to read some data from a device.
 4.Middelware:middelware is software that lies between an oprating system and the application running on it.essentially 
   functioning as hidden translation layer,middelware enables communication and data management for distributed application.
   for example,a web server is middelware that connects websites to the backend database.
 5.Programming software:programming software is a program or set of programs which helps the software developers by assisting
   them in creating,debugging and maintaining other programs and applications.integrated development environments (IDEs)are
   combinations of all these software.programming software is also known as programming tool.

(Q.3)What is SDLC?Explain each phase of SDLC.
 ans.The software development lifecycle(SDLC) is the cost-effective and time-efficent process that development teams use to
    desing and build higf-quality software. The goal of SDLC is to minimize project risks through forward planning so that
    software meets customer expectations during production and beyond.

 ans.Software Development Life cycle(SDLC) Methodology:
    1.Planning:The planning phase of the SDLC is also when the project plan is developed that identifies, prioritizes, and 
    assigns the tasks and resources required to build the structure for a project. With that said, this step culminates in
    a detailed project plan.

    2.analysing:The analysis phase also gathers business requirements and identifies any potential risks. This step in SDLC
    also includes a feasibility study, which defines all fortes and weak points of the project to assess the overall project viability.

    3.Desing:The design phase is a stage where software developers define the technical details of the product. Depending on the project,
      these details can include screen designs, databases, sketches, system interfaces, and prototypes. Clients use these details to make 
      final product design choices.
     
    4.Implementation:Implementation includes user notification, user training, installation of hardware, installation of software 
      onto production computers, and integration of the system into daily work processes. This phase continues until the system is
      operating in production in accordance with the defined user requirements.
    
    5.Testing & Integration:Integration testing also known as integration and testing (I&T). Is a type of software testing 
      in which the different units, modules or components of a software application are tested as a combined entity.
      However, these modules may be coded by different programmers.

    6.Mantenance:The maintenance is where the software is monitored to ensure it continues to function as it was designed to, 
      and repairs or upgrades are performed as needed. The maintenance phase occurs once the software is fully operational.

(Q.4)What is DFD?
 ans.A data flow diagram is a graphical or visual representation using a standardized set of symbols and notations to describe 
     a business operations through data movement.they are often elements of a formal methodology such os structured systems 
     analysis and design method(SSADM).

(Q.5)What is a flowchart?
 ans.A flowchart is a diagram depicting a process,a system or a computer algorithm. it is a diagrammatic representation of
     the solution to a given problem but,more importantly,it provides a breakdown of the essential steps to solving the problem.

(Q.6)What is a use case diagram?
 ans.use case diagrams describe the high level function and scope of a system.these diagrams also identify the interactions between
     the system and its actors.the use cases and actors in use case diagrams describe what the system does amd how the actors use it,
     but now the system opreates internally.



  